Oh, hello friends. How are you this morning?
I had some time and I chose to
Do some reading in my new book.
Now time, that's an interesting topic.
God cares about what we do with our time.
We probably don't think about time that often.
But time is one of the many gifts that God has given us.
Some of our time is used in things that we just do.
Automatically things that
Our habits maybe like brushing our teeth or
Putting our pajamas on before we get in bed.
A lot of our time we get to choose what we want to do.
Like, I had a choice for a few minutes here whether to
I'll read some of my book.
or maybe
Work on my next lesson
It's important to God that we use our time in a way that is helpful.
To ourselves,
To others
And it shows that we love Jesus.
We want to use our time in a way.
That is helpful.
You know,
I have a video that can explain a little bit more about
Habits and about using our time.
But before we get to the video, I have a brand new worship song for you.
It's by a group that I really enjoy.
Called goldfish.
So let's do our praise and worship together.
And then see this video
About habits and time
And i'll meet you right back here in a few
My God is so big and so strong and so mighty, there's nothing my God can do.
Kids, today we're starting a new series on habits. Do you know what a habit is?
A habit is something you do over and over again.
When you get into a habit, you do it without thinking about it. Habits can be good or bad, and it's important to think about them. Make sure you're only doing the good ones. And here's the thing.
And here's why.
Habits have a way of controlling us.
It's like a robot with a fancy control panel.
When you get into a habit, it's like someone is programming that habit into your system.
Once it gets in there, it's hard to get it out.
In this lesson, we want you to think about what's in your program.
Answer these questions with your parents.
What are some things that you do every day?
Are those things good or bad for you?
What are some other bad habits you have?
Understanding the habits that you already have will help you decide which ones are good and bad.
Good habits are things to make your parents and God proud.
These are the things in your program that are good and helpful things like
Hoping at home.
Doing your homework.
Reading your Bible and praying
You can add more to this list at home with your parents.
Bad habits are the things that make your parents and God sad.
Bad habits come in all shapes and sizes. You've got your gross habits.
Like chewing your nails
Picking your nose
burping really loud
These are the kinds of things that your mom really doesn't like.
And then you've got your sin habits. Things like...
Disobeying your parents? Being mean to other kids?
Sneaking things without permission?
These are the kinds of things that God really doesn't like.
But here's the thing.
Everyone has bad habits
8.
I don't really understand myself, for I want to do what was right.
But I don't do it.
Instead, I do what I hate.
So, how can you change your bad habits but keep your good habits?
That's a great question.
And it's what we'll be talking about in this series.
Do you want to get a sneak peek at the answer right now?
God will help you. He has the power to reprogram your habits and He really wants to do it.
Stay tuned and find out how!
Wow, I really love that song. That's one of my favorite songs that Go Fish does.
I hope you enjoyed it.
We're going to be doing that song.
The whole month of June.
So,
Time.
God cares about how we use our time.
God gives all of us the same amount of time every day.
24 hours.
Now how we use our time
Is very different from one another.
Especially the time that we have that we can choose what we want to do.
Now habits like we talked about are things we kind of do automatically while thinking about it.
Sometimes the habits are good like brushing your teeth
Some of the habits are are not so good like
Skipping,
Cleaning our room.
Once a week even though we have said that's what we were going to do.
You know...
Using our time
Shows
What we care about.
What we use our time for shows what we care about.
Do we care more about us?
Or do we care more about other people?
And do we care more about showing people that we love Jesus?
for example, let's say your mother spent all day at work, she came home and made you a really great dinner.
You could choose to use your time after dinner to help her clean the kitchen.
Or you could go back to your video game that you were playing all afternoon.
Or you could choose to read your younger brother's story.
bedtime story.
Or...
you could go watch a television program.
How we use our time shows what's important to us.
and if our family and our friends and most of all Jesus are important to us, we're going to use our time
To show
That that's what's important to us.
I have a question for you.
How can you use your time
So that you are more helpful
And it shows
That you love Jesus.
This is a question you and your family can discuss.
Again, how can we use our time
Just be more helpful
And show that we love Jesus.
I hope you'll take time to discuss this with
Whoever's in the room with you right now,
I thank you for coming and joining me today.
And I hope
That you use your time wisely the rest of this day
And until I see you again next week.
Also, don't forget that on Thursdays at 11:00 a.m. on Salem Fields,
Community church family live
We do a program.
For you.
We do activities and fun things that you can join in with us.
Or you can watch the video and do it later.
Thank you so much.
I hope to see you again next week.
Bye.